[doc] Add a note on Django signals (#105)
Thermondo/django-heroku-connect: docs/models.rst

each other.

.. _`Multi-table inheritance`: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/stable/topics/db/models/#multi-table-inheritance

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Signals
-------

> Standard `Django model signals`_ won't be triggered in case of changes coming from Salesforce. This is happening because
> Heroku Connect operates on a database level.

Reviewer: You didn't add any line-breaks anywhere else, why here ;)
```suggestion
Standard `Django model signals`_ won't be triggered for changes made on Salesforce, because Heroku Connect operates on a database-level.
```

> If you want to hook up to changes coming from Salesforce, there are several possible solutions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to hook into to changes coming from Salesforce, there are several possible solutions:
```

* Use `Salesforce PushTopic Events`_

> * Set up `Salesforce Outbound message`_ (triggered on object change) and a Django SOAP endpoint listening to it. From there You could make a Django signal to hook up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set up a `Salesforce Outbound message`_ (triggered on object change) and a Django SOAP endpoint listening to it. From there, a Django signal can be triggered.
```

Maybe add a note, that this would be asynchronous to the Heroku Connect db change and may cause race conditions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Set up `Salesforce Outbound message`_ (triggered on object change) and a Django SOAP endpoint listening to it. From there you could make a Django signal to hook up.
```

> * Use database triggers and set up a a task queue listening to it.

Reviewer: There isn't really a task queue in PostgreSQL. However, you would use an insert and update trigger and use `pg_notify` to have a consumer listen and perform actions.
```suggestion
* Use database triggers and set up a task queue listening to it.
```

Reviewer 2: @codingjoe postgres `LISTEN` / `NOTIFY` has a queue ( see https://www.postgresql.org/docs/13/sql-notify.html ).

Reviewer 2: @amureki I would mention the postgres techniques that would be used in that sentence (the ones in the comment before)

Author: @codingjoe @syphar what do you think about this phrasing? 

>* Use PostgreSQL ``LISTEN`` and ``NOTIFY`` features. See related `documentation`_ and `an example Python library`_
